[MUSIC]
>> Scott: So you guys made a widget
feature that you're going to be, well,
the exercise is going to be taking this
widgets feature and making a new route.
But I'm not going to do that because
that's what you're supposed to do.
[LAUGH] We're just going to do
something else, something much smaller.
Let's make a new one.
>> Speaker 2: [COUGH]
>> Scott: So you don't need to copy this,
this is just to show you the example,
and we'll go over a lot of stuff that we
talked about and deeds a little detail and
then you're going to convert
the Wizard over to that.
All right, so let's
just make a new thing and
we'll call it demo and import.
I need some shortcuts.
I actually set up short cuts and
then they changed their API, and
I didn't feel like changing them again.
>> Speaker 3: There's a question
that came up in the chat.
>> Scott: Yes?
>> Speaker 3: What if you have a child
route that you want to display in a modal?
>> Scott: A child route that
you want to display in a modal?
That's an event.
There's a couple ways you can do that.
You can take advantage of
the parameters inside the URL and
use the route parameters to detect
when a certain parameter is hit.
And then inside the component
that's mounted,
when that parameter is activated,
the remodal, that's one way.
But really, it'll be up to you using some
of the life cycle hooks to determine
what's going on in a routing.
And depending on what's going on in
a routing, whatever state is going to
activate your modal, then launch the modal
from that component being route to.
>> Speaker 4: I mean,
routes to modals are really,
that's a really advanced like used case,
even with like UI router,
there was a lot of discussion around
how to actually do that correctly.
You know, I think they have
a route map too of modal.
You can actually hook into like the router
life cycle books and spin it up yourself.
But currently,
I haven't seen any solution of like,
map this route directly to a component.
You can map it to a component that's spun
up a modal, and that might, you know,
work as well as having kind
of a intermediate, kind
of proxy component that says when I go
here, just initialize this modal for me.
That's one possibility.
But I haven't seen a clean way
to do that pretty much ever.
You go through iRouter, there was a lot
of kind of nuances that went with that.
>> Scott: Yep.
All right, so
I just set up a basic component here.
Exported it.
Now I'm going to go back into
the top of my component tree,
where most of my routings,
in this case, all of the routing.
I'm just going to make
a new routing config here.
Path/demoname.
The name is important.
We should keep these uniquely named.
>> Scott: Component.
And if you don't, I'm guessing,
because this is an array, I'm guessing the
last one would override the previous one.
So if we called this items, I'm guessing
the top items would no longer be items.
This would now be items.
>> Scott: And then demo.
And then we'd need to
Import demo from demo.
>> Scott: Now,
if we go over to our, so many tabs.
There we go.
Go here.
And, then we'll add a link and
the acml here.
So, I'll copy the one that's here.
Call this demo.
And, if we look,
we notice that route to our link is
pointing to some model called links.items.
I'll go into app component,
I'll look at the links, there's items,
I'll add another one called
demo that goes to demo.
Now we have this demo link up here,
click on it and.
Didn't update.
>> Speaker 4: I don't think
you actually changed the link.
>> Scott: Okay, I didn't?
Yeah, I didn't.
Thank you.
>> Speaker 4: So, I did this before and
I just thought like,
I've added this information like five
different places and it's all the same
>> Scott: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: There's got to be an easier
way to do that.
>> Scott: Yeah, probably is.
There we go.
So, now we navigate to the demo.
So, that's a basic route.